1.Written HW #3 Explain what Index, New, Create, and Show Routes Do.

    Index - Uses the *Get* verb, and is written in Index.jsx. Uses the .find method and is used for displaying a list of all objects or variables. Locating for the url if I was reffering to pie would be the example </pie/>

    New - Uses the *Get* verb, and is written in New.jsx. Does not use a method and is used for displaying an HTML form to create new objects or variables such as a new pie. Locating for the url if I was reffering to pie would be the example </pie/new>

    Create - Uses the *Post* verb, and does not have its own file. Uses the .create method to create new objects or variables such as making a new pie. Locating for the url if I was reffering to pie would be the example </pie>

    Show - Uses the *Get* verb, and is written in Show.jsx. Uses the .findOne or .findById methods and is used for displaying one of the objects or variables that are listed such as pumpkin pie or pizza pie. Locating for the url if I was reffering to pie would be the example </pie/:id>

2.Give an example written in a Markdown Code Block. Note: these were my understandings of what was wanted for this request. Please let me know if something entirely different was wanted here.

    Index - 
    app.get('/pies', (req, res) => {
        Pies.find({}, (err, foundPies) => {
            if(err){
                console.error(err)
                res.status(400).send(err)
            } else {
                res.render('pies/Index', {
                    pies: foundPies
            })
            }
        })
    })

    New - 
    app.get('/pies/new', (req, res) => {
        res.render('pies/New')
    })

    Create -
    app.post('/pies', (req, res) =>{
        req.body.readyToEat === 'on' ? req.body.readyToEat = true : req.body.readyToEat = false
        Pies.create(req.body, (err, createdPies) => {
            if(err){
                console.error(err)
                res.status(400).send(err)
            } else {
                res.redirect(`/pies/${createdPies._id}`)
            }
        })
    })

    Show -
    app.get('/pies/:id', (req, res) => {
    Pie.findById(req.params.id, (err, foundPie) => {
            if(err){
                console.error(err)
                res.status(400).send(err)
            } else {
                res.render('pies/Show', {
                    pie: foundPie
                })
            }
        })
    })
